Application Gateway readme update regarding new error codes (#15780)
kyma-project/kyma: components/central-application-gateway/README.md

A combination of `{API_BUNDLE_NAME}` and `{API_DEFINITION_NAME}` which are extracted from an Application CR must be unique for a given application.
Invocation of endpoints with duplicate names results in a `400 Bad Request` failure. In such a case, you must change one of the names to avoid ambiguity.

### Status codes for errors returned by Application Gateway

- `404 Not Found` - returned when the Application specified in the path doesn't exist.
- `400 Bad Request` - returned when an Application, service, or entry for the [Compass mode](https://kyma-project.io/docs/kyma/latest/01-overview/main-areas/application-connectivity/) is not specified in the path.

> - `504 Gateway Timeout` - returned when a call to the target API times out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `504 Gateway Timeout` - returned when a call to the target API times out.

```
Oh, this could also use a new line. And then we're done :)

A combination of `{API_BUNDLE_NAME}` and `{API_DEFINITION_NAME}` which are extracted from an Application CR must be unique for a given application.
Invocation of endpoints with duplicate names results in a `400 Bad Request` failure. In such a case, you must change one of the names to avoid ambiguity.

### Status codes for errors returned by Application Gateway

> - when application specified in path doesn't exist Application Gateway returns `404 Not Found`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- when the application specified in the path doesn't exist, Application Gateway returns `404 Not Found`
```

> - when application, service or entry for Compass use case is not specified in the path, Application Gateway returns `400 Bad Request `

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- when an application, service, or entry for the Compass use case is not specified in the path, Application Gateway returns `400 Bad Request `
```

> - when call to target API timeouts Application Gateway returns `504 Gateway Timeout`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- when call to target API timeouts, Application Gateway returns `504 Gateway Timeout`
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When a call to the target API times out, Application Gateway returns `504 Gateway Timeout`.
```
- `Timeout` is a noun ("what") 
- `(to) time out` is a phrasal verb, where the verb (`time`) part is conjugated, and the preposition part remains the same (`time out` -> `times out` / `timed out`; ~`timeouts`~, unless you mean the noun in plural/~`timeouted`~).

> ### Status codes for errors returned by Application Gateway
> 
> - when application specified in path doesn't exist Application Gateway returns `404 Not Found`
> - when application, service or entry for Compass use case is not specified in the path, Application Gateway returns `400 Bad Request `
> - when call to target API timeouts Application Gateway returns `504 Gateway Timeout`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Status codes for errors returned by Application Gateway

- `404 Not Found` - returned when the Application specified in the path doesn't exist.
- `400 Bad Request` - returned when an Application, service, or entry for the [Compass mode](https://kyma-project.io/docs/kyma/latest/01-overview/main-areas/application-connectivity/) is not specified in the path.
- `504 Gateway Timeout` - returned when a call to the target API times out.
```

Alternatively, what if we approach it from the other side and start with the codes followed by their description? 
I think it might be a bit easier to navigate when debugging as well, just as in a dictionary, you don't look up words by definition.

Reviewer 2: I like it!
